Lutiva

An example of a "MyToken" smart contract written in the Solidity programming language, which is used to build smart contracts on the Ethereum network, is shown in the following code. The contract specifies a special token with the name "Lutiva" and the symbol "Ltv".

Description

The provided Solidity application is a basic implementation of the "MyToken" token contract, which enables the creation and management of the special "Lutiva" (abbreviated as "Ltv") Ethereum blockchain token.

Getting Started

Executing program

Open the Remix Ethereum online IDE on your browser. To access it, go to https://remix.ethereum.org.

A new Solidity file may be generated by choosing the "+" icon in the Remix file explorer on the left side of the screen.

The given Solidity code has to be copied and placed into the newly created Remix file.

contract MyToken {

    string public tokenName = "Lutiva";
    string public tokenAbbrv = "Ltv";
    uint public totalSupply = 0;

    mapping(address => uint) public balances;


    function mint (address _address, uint _value) public {
        totalSupply += _value;
        balances[_address] += _value;
    
    }

    function burn (address _address, uint _value) public {
        if (balances[_address] >= _value) {
            totalSupply -= _value;
            balances[_address] -= _value;
        }
    }

}
Verify that Solidity Compiler is chosen on the Remix interface. You may choose the appropriate compiler for your project by choosing a version that is compatible with your code from the "Compiler" tab on the right-hand panel.

Compile the contract by clicking the Remix interface's "Compile" button. The result of the compiler should be shown in the right-hand panel along with any errors or warnings that could have been produced.

When the contract has been successfully built, choose the "Deploy & Run Transactions" tab in the right-hand panel.

Click "Deploy" to send the contract to the specified environment. A blockchain instance of the contract will be produced as a result.

After the contract has been deployed, you can see its information in the right-hand panel. You may interact with the contract by calling its functions and looking at its state variables.

To execute procedures like mint and burn, provide the required inputs (such as _address and _value) and then press the appropriate button.

Authors

Genesis A. Lutiva

@zennii0813

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
